he's like a father figure to me maybe
he's really helped me through a lot from
7th 8th grade not even a nicely I just
teach me everyday let me come in every
single day to wrestle with the arm team
and as when I was came in here as a
freshman I really knew it we were going
to have a great relationship with coach
and teacher and he just told me so much
and I'm going to be able to carry
throughout my life coach box and kind of
you know he's the face of Blair
wrestling yeah he's an awesome guy and I
got the opportunity to speak at the
dedication and it's just you know he's
devoted so much to Blair rustling and
it's just great to see you know everyone
here for him Blair Lum night came from
all over the country for this for this
dual meet and for the dedication to
Buxton and it was just a great day for
him and for Blair wrestling coach has
been like a father to me he's always
there for you he's the ego is it's a
hard ton of a gun but his heart's always
in it like he's a great coach but he's
also a father to us all and he's a great
guy and I'm happy for him and I'm I just
want to congratulate him and a great
night for you let's talk about the
dedication earlier today dedicating the
wrestling room to you and and really the
nice celebration tonight the great video
piece that they had showing a history of
Blair wrestling and your role here what
is all this meant to you today and
tonight well and I I don't get a chance
to really reflect back on on what has
happened and there's you know the video
was certainly one of those things that
you know that you saw the names the
faces the kids that you have been
involved with throughout the year and
how much progress they made when they
were in college and what kind of men
they have they developed into so you
know that those are all good memories as
a coach and you know any coach that's
out there they're always looking forward
to the next week and I've already
started thinking about our match next
week against st. Ed's in Wyoming
Seminary and kiss key
it you know it's it's it's nice that you
know sit back and reflect and you know
some of the some of the these statistics
that were coming up from from Chan
Hardwick where you know kind of amazing
and even kind of blew my mind you know
you never know how many all Americans
that are out there because you never sit
back and I never sit back and think
about the count I'm always looking
forward to the kids that are going to be
in all Americans this year so it you
know it's an it was a great night for
Blair wrestling unfortunately too much
was centered around me but you know it's
always good to reflect about it you know
what's happened in the past and and keep
wrestling at a level right now at Blair
is something that you know we really
want to do a lot of times when gets lost
coach and all the accomplishments on the
mat and such as is the coaches family
and your family is very prominent in
that video your wife and your daughter
we're here tonight talk about what your
family is meant to you along with your
coaching and teaching career well you
know I don't think I would be able to
jump into coaching the way that I have
been and you know giving the amount of
time that it's required to run a program
like this if I didn't have a supportive
wife or family and all not that my wife
is crazy about wrestling but you know
she's been a wrestling person all alive
because we went out and in college and
she was you know the person that was
there making the food for me and support
me at the matches and then and then we
get married and ten years later have a
son and and lo and behold by the time
he's in you know seven or eight years
old he wants to wrestle so she's you
know she's seen it as a girlfriend as a
wife as a mother and you know my
daughter is as embraced the sport to you
know she's not you know one girl that
wants to wrestle but she's seen what
wrestling has done for kids and it's
been a bit these kids not only have been
a part of my life but have been a part
of my family's life too so it you know
it's been a you know a great extended
family where you know we have kids at
our house all the time kids staying over
the summer time and it's you know it's
just been a big part of all of our lives
you know a couple the wrestlers we
interviewed tonight even mention coach
buxton's been like a dad to me
what does that mean to you to hear from
your wrestlers well we do spend a lot of
time together and you know with 14 to 18
year old kids I think it's important
that they have good role models and you
know trying to teach them the right
things to do in life and and you know
they pay attention and and you know they
listen and and you know hopefully we can
teach them some some good things along
the way and you know certainly you know
I've learned you know working with kids
for this long that every kids a little
bit different and you know how you treat
them and how they respond to you with a
good and a bad is certainly a character
building and and something that they
need to learn to be handle adversity in
life and to be able to handle life